hey guys I am here with Jamerson with
our coverage provided by omen by HP this
is the first time that I've seen you on
a huge stage in person I've seen you in
China I've seen you casting everywhere
but today you were on the desk this
entire weekend tell me about that it was
an amazing experience
lifetime opportunity or opportunity of a
lifetime us excuse me I'm actually paid
to speak but yeah it was an amazing
production and just the attention to
detail and care that like everyone put
in you have to understand that there are
hundreds of people behind the scenes
that make this happen and so I was just
taken aback by the monumental task that
was a set ahead of them and they were
able to actually accomplish this it was
nuts tell me about some of the games
that we saw today and maybe just the
overall talent that you saw in the World
Cup this weekend I mean we saw Canada go
up against South Korea and who else
really caught your eye
well Agility's one of my favorite
players I watched a stream quite often
you know I can't really play Genji so I
follow a lot of Genji mains but
Agility's from Team Canada 17 years old
he's gonna be on la valiance as one of
their dps players you know he actually
stood out for his road hog today and it
was absolutely spectacular to see but
also from Team Korea mano on his road
hog or excuse me on his Winston was
doing a fantastic job he was head and
shoulders above most other main tanks
can you tell me a little bit about the
meta that was surrounding the world
championship because I know that there
was the mercy patch somewhere in between
the court before the quarterfinals and
that throw everything into a run yeah
that definitely threw a huge rush works
generally before this before this
current meta
we saw Lucio having about a 95 percent
pick rate across the board this is the
tournament where he dipped below 20%
usage and then it was mercy that took
his place and so that's a drastic change
in how you play the game and of course
with the new reza's with that we
definitely did see basically it was just
a swap out Lucio / mercy and then you
would still have like double hits can
weird be soldier 76 and tracers but then
you also got to see a lot more of the
junk rat coming out on are in particular
maps and then of course junker Town has
its own special particular meta
and I think we all called it we done did
the pirate-ship where you have a bastion
Orissa and a Reinhart and I forget which
team it was added to throw in I want to
say it was sweet and decided throw in a
Torbjorn aw so just for an extra kicker
there see I'm gonna try that because I
love playing Bastion but I just get
yelled at it because of that okay I'm
gonna do that
but what do you think about I know we
talked a little bit about mercy coming
back interview to the play because Joe
Meister on Canada's team said that he
only really had 20 hours of mercy played
on Twitter and he felt like he was being
forced into it so what do you think
about this mercy yeah the meta the
changes the patch change kind of hit
everyone and took everyone off guard Joe
my sir unfortunately you know he's
played lucio for I want to say the
better part of the last year and a half
maybe two years now and so being forced
onto mercy which is actually quite a
difficult character to play especially
when you have four or five different
people trying to like take you out you
are their number one response or like
responsibility so Joe Meister unjustly I
think you know took a lot of flack for
that so I would I just want to say it's
okay Joe I still love you so with the
World Cup we got to see a lot of the
overwatch League future players showcase
what kind of an effect do you think that
this World Championship had on the
overwatch League that's coming up
yeah the World Cup definitely displayed
that there's still a lot of talent that
hasn't been picked up yet and so when we
move forward right when we go into
season two and we open up more
franchises that I hope a lot of the
owners will realize hey there's all this
other talent let's take a look at World
Cup there is all this great play
especially by some of the guys from from
Team France I keep on a same team rogue
but team France right there's still
unpicked of talent there so I'm looking
forward to season two is gonna be great
all those players that aren't picked up
right now they will have a spot please
don't give up guys
I want to talk to you about your
personal journey because I think it was
like two years ago we were working one
of the same college events you were
casting I was I don't know doing
something on stage but tell me what has
this journey been like for you from
small
stage to China and now at Blizzcon yeah
literally two years ago I answered an
open casting call for counter strike at
the East Sports Arena and then that
eventually led into like small little
paid gigs here and there and I believe
it was like CSL or something we did
together
yeah the collegiate Collegiate Coliseum
yeah there we go and I was doing
counter-strike there and all of a sudden
I don't know I was playing a lot of
overwatch at the time I didn't think it
was gonna become anything nothing like
this within the time span honestly but
yeah it was about just putting in the
grind right doing early Korean scene
doing the collegiate scene and
eventually people notice and it was
honestly also you know through the
support and help of all my friends
everyone that blazer Devery one at a
sports arena and of course everyone just
within the community that got me here so
it's been an amazing journey is there
anything that you would like to say to
your new fans followers and where can we
find you in the future um yeah so of
course you can find me on social media
at Jet Set Jamerson across the board
that snapchat Instagram and Twitter
along with twitch but you don't have to
really follow my twitch I'm barely
streaming anyhow um in the future I'm
hoping to continue to work with Blizzard
I love their contender series I love the
test book collegiate series and
hopefully maybe I'll be able to move
into the trans scene you want to move to
Korea I'm Korean come on of course I
love my kimchi I love my Cosby
everything I could I'm like just I want
to go home and have like some put it
together something I am starving
oh now with all the talk of food you've
made me starving so we'll go ahead and
end it right here thank you so much for
talking with me and I wish you the best
of luck on your endeavors to maybe get
to Korea and thank you everyone for
watching you can check out more of our
coverage here on the YouTube channel
thanks to omen for supporting our
content they are a new partner of the
overwatch league and you can follow them
on twitter at omen by HP